Here's one additional facts I noticed we have to do in the off guard service.
We also select the slice of our state of state and then we map is to return if we are offended or not.
Now this will not work optimally here.
We have to do something we had to do for the HTP interceptor.
Q We have to add take one year to make sure we only take one request or one well element from the slice
per guard activation
otherwise this will run infinitely and might lead to unexpected behaviors.
With this in place though it should work fine.
And let's actually see if this works fine for click new recipe like this doesn't work.
No if I do log in here and I click on new recipe copy that your L log out and re enter it I am blocked.
So this does now not work.
And I also recognize that up on logging out were redirected.
So debt is something else I want to implement in the next lecture.
Feel free to try it on your own.